alright I'm just gonna do a little video
here on my fishroom I don't think I've
ever done one of these before but it's
kind of messy I'm tearing down some
tanks and moving some stuff around
feared by 210 gallon tanks
this tank has Hector Andreea or mosa
which is the least kill fish down here
is my Ella soma Everglade II I tank
she's Everglades pygmy sunfish
then you got my 150-year got my crappie
and grass thick girl sunfish and carp in
there I got 75 girl out tank on the
floor here it's got baby grass pit row
in there
some little tadpoles grasp it will seem
to eat those and over here on this wall
I have my 55-gallon made of stream tank
it's got darters and dace
that there that's my daughter's
10-gallon she has a tree frog in there
and two led back salamanders
she caught earlier this year probably
buried in the soil can't really find him
that's time over here I miss law I got
my 135 I recently tore down I'm going to
be rebuilding it and fish up to my 55
gallon tank will be going in this tank
I just love sex crap laying there but
this is my fishroom so it's all let you
guys see it
they're my big eight-point on the wall a
couple other racks deer heads I found
and in a month or two this is all gonna
be different
somewhat like I said 275 let me moved
over here where the 55 is I'm gonna
build a stand that's going to hold 220
Long's also with it and I'm selling the
55 I also got an extra 55-gallon stand
if anybody in Ohio needs a stand
give me a holler assault cheap 20 bucks
or something
all right well that's my Fisher thanks